add alias/filter fields to simple and converesion metrics (#6609)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/simple.md

| `type_params` | The type parameters of the metric. | Required | Dict |
| `measure` | A list of measure inputs. | Required | List |
| `measure:name` | The measure you're referencing. | Required | String |

> | `measure:alias` | Optional [`alias`](/reference/resource-configs/alias) used to rename the measure. | Optional | String |

Reviewer: i think its important to be explicit that its to rename. how about:
```suggestion
| `measure:alias` | Optional [`alias`](/reference/resource-configs/alias) to rename the measure. | Optional | String |
```

> | `measure:filter` | Optional `filter` used to apply to the measure. | Optional | String |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `measure:filter` | Optional `filter` applied to the measure. | Optional | String |
```

    type_params: # Required
      measure: 
        name: The name of your measure # Required

>         alias: The alias used to rename the measure. # Optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        alias: The alias applied to the measure. # Optional
```

>         filter: The filter used to apply to the measure. # Optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        filter: The filter applied to the measure. # Optional
```

          name: customers # The measure you are creating a proxy of.
          fill_nulls_with: 0 
          join_to_timespine: true
          alias: customer_count

>           filter: {{ Dimension('customer__customer_total') }} >+ 20

Author: ```suggestion
          filter: {{ Dimension('customer__customer_total') }} >= 20
```
